এপ এ লগিন করতে ওটিপি আসে না। অরডারকৃত লোকেশন এ প্রডাক্ট না দিয়ে বলে এই লোকেশন দেয়া নাই। খুবই অপেশাদার।
Rider charges us more cost than that shown in app. Even if we use any discount codes they don't except our request, than what's the use of those discount promo codes ?
Drivers not on time, short distance od 2 to 3 kms not accepting
Such a disgusting service.
Not as on order
Worst customer service... No refund policy for wrong delivery item
ভাই, notification access না দিলে app এই ঢুকা যাবে না এ কেমন কথা?? খুব ই বাজে app design।
Poor service Car model are too old
so they should have their riders trained properly. I waited 20 mins for a guy and he took another girl instead of me. if that's how they train their riders they aren't worth it
Sabai bhanda khattam pathao chha. Baru indrive better chha rider ta paunchha. Pathao ko ta rider nai paudaina, waiyat. Close it.
3rd class service. No one can accept.long time waiting
Its a overall a good app bt after using it continuously for 2years im still not eligible for paylater.But i have found out new users getting this opportunity.So why not me?
Unreliable
Worst courier ever .
After sales customer support is absolutely rubbish. I ordered pizza without Mushroom as my Mrs. is allergic to it, yet I received with. After I reported that, the response I got was, Pathao has contacted the shop, they are sorry and they just closed the query. Absolute rubbish. This is really unacceptable and I won't be using their platform until unless they fix their mistake.
I can't track my parcel that i ordered. Whenever i click the track link i go into the pathao home page. There’s just notification of my parcel that it's coming. But can't track where it is now. Why?
No quality control on food being delivered. What was delivered was not I ordered and two hours late!!!
most disappointing service, captain cancels ride when he is near pick up point, it happened with me 4 times, I will never use and never recommend to anyone
Duniyar shob theke joghonno app Eita onk vul korsi ei app install Kore akdom Faultu
খুবই বাজে সার্ভিস পাঠাও কুরিয়ারের। বার বার অভিযোগ করার পরও কোন সমাধান নেই। পার্সেল আসলে ম্যাসেজ আসলেও ডেলিভারি বয় কল করেও না এমনকি কল রিসিভও করে না। তাদের লাইভ চ্যাটে কাউকে পাওয়া যায় না আর সাপোর্ট নাম্বারে কল করলে দেখছি পর্যন্তই সীমাবদ্ধ। কোন প্রকার সাহায্য পাওয়া যায় না।
বাজে কাস্টমার সার্ভিস। সাপোর্ট এ রিপ্লাই নাই।
The worst service I ever had.... firstly they didn't pick up parcel for 3 days after confirming it...I called them several times and they assured me that it'll be picked and delivered but they just didn't even cared to pick it...and then every time I called them they just made empty fake promises that they'll pick and deliver it within 2 days bt no actions were taken...don't use pathao theyr so irresponsible towards their customers
একদম ফালতু সার্ভিস এদের কুরিয়ারের। অনেকদিন যাবত কাজ করছি তবুও কোন ভালো ফলাফল পাইলাম না।
Very bad
I can't courier my parcel. I can't submit my parcel what's wrong with this app? It was working fine. I've updated it Still not working
There are no food services available near matathirtha and gurjudhara near thankot areas and all the riders booked are late and not well behaved the system curriculum needs to be managed to be used or else this app is waste of time
The Delivery Time is Long Then What They Show Us.. Very Bad experience with this Courier Service....Never Gonna Order From Them
lost of money and time😡they are unprofessional rider,Narayanganj 😡😡😡
Service has dwindled down to the point where 1 star is a sign of being very generous! And the customer care service is pathetically painful.
এলোমেলো
The location map in pathao is ridiculous.
This app is just ridiculous.. very disappointing. I have placed order for courier all most for 3 time's. Everytime they confirmed , Said that they will come nd pick the parcel in 3-5 hours, but no, they didn't showed up 😕 Then I called their costumer care 2 times. They said they are trying to figure out whats the issue.. they didn't gave me any update. I needed to send a special gift to someone special. My present was wasted , ruined 😢 so frustrating 😔
Data chor
Bad behaviour of driver even not taking action against him
Dear pathao, initially your app has been helpful with easy access to drive anywhere but now drivers in pathao has bad behaviour towards customers they charge extra from what is shown in screen and it is unfair to us customer.. You cannot hire every man that drives cab they have no ethics how they talk to people and we feel unsafe with that kind of behaviour. With that said we quit pathao since it has become the same as we hire cab from different source and with the same charge.
Mz Keep zero 9?9?*))*9**??*9?)?)*om Less zzmzolo?)zoz
Foul ekta courier service delivery dewar kotha 5 traikh 10 tarikh hoy delivery dei na Delivery man ekbar bole oikhane arekbar oikhane
কুরিয়ার করতে চাইলে অর্ডার কনফার্ম করার পর তাদের ডেলিভারিম্যান ফোন রিসিভ করে না, কেটে দেয়। তাদের so called "২৪ ঘন্টা লাইভ সাপোর্টে" সেটা নিয়ে কমপ্লেইন দিলেও ঘন্টার পর ঘন্টা কেউ দেখেনা। এত জঘন্য সার্ভিস দেয়ার চেয়ে সার্ভিস শাটডাউন করে দেয়াই ভাল।
Costumer ko maa 135 dekhako hunxa driver ko maa 250 dekhauxa yo chor pathao le hamlai lutne matra garxa jahile
Worst app I have ever seen.
very poor experience
Bad experience, poor behvaiour previous sharing car..today i share a trip with pathao car driver his behaviour was so bad, he didnot mention to go by flyover & take extra charge. If you keep this type share rider in pathao, this would be worst for next customer. Have a nice day.
Price of the fare always more than showed before you book the bike.
পাঠাও তে কুরিয়ার ট্রাকিং করতেও লোকেশন অন করতে হয় 😅🤣 কেন ভাই
Lawrar pathao 3 din hoiya gase persal pick korte ase nai coustomer care a call dile bole ajk jabe ajk ajk korte 3 din hoiya gase ase nai
Terrible service, courier delivery man didn't show up for six day. Customer care was called and they assured they will show up, but never did. I cancelled the order. The next courier order the delivery man stole the CASH ON DELIVERY money. Order #DC311023QPYCBX Order#DC301123VQYVME I bet not one PATHAO rep will read and verify this order. That's how unprofessional, zero ethic people they are. Lalamove and Red x are much better options. Hell any other delivery service is much better.
The oay later version is a scam dont use it
Couldn't open the app. This update is disgusting 👎
not cooperative, bad experience in pathao parcel. can't assigned a proper rider for pick up
Worst experience
How to delete pathao account? I can't find any solution I have created my account with the help of my phone number! I need solution.
Unable to report issue, some riders are not honest especially dealing with discounts given by the platform
NO HELP SUPPORT,0 RESPONSE FROM PATHAO REQUEST SUPPORT ,BAD APP,BAD NAVIGATION.WORSE app ever made in bd
Force user for notification permission, then spam ads ... This company is run by 8y olds
Very bad service of the representative, sending wrong delivery and asking the customer to adjust
Baje apps
No offers on cars and bikes.. please give offeres on cars and bikes.
Because of your riders i am giving - to you they didn't accept if i am near by them instead of accepting they ask for offline ride and also ask money 300% of app rate...
Onk faltu ekta app..khubei baje..amr 2time experience e joghonno..sudu joghonno na..onk besi joghonno😡😡😡
Straight up garbage app, especially given the year of 2023. Can't even figure out a simple pickup point for a percel in the heart of Dhaka city, which Uber does within 30 seconds. Bangladeshi tech industry sure will go far when there are companies like these are operating!
Many places not available in the pathao map after update
ওয়েবসাইটে কুরিয়ার ট্রাক করা যায়না, ফালতু, একটি কুরিয়ারের জন্য কি এপ্স ডাউনলোড দিবো?
rudest service from pathao riders...avoid like a plague!!
বিরক্তিকর একটা ব্যাপার,,,লোকেশন ট্র্যক করা যাচ্ছেনা
Chor apps sab lutna base ka. Emergency ma khoi hudaina.
Horrible pathao riders
Notifications made mandatory! Unwanted popups
28th November 12 pm I applied for pickup of my parcel. Today 4th December it was auto cancelled. Between these 6 days no one can contact me. very bad service i must say.
Bad experience
Totally disgusting... It's delevry area too small and decreases it day by day..very poor online medium. Too much poor service.
Poor Drivers and No complaints addressed
It's showing discounts on food but after the order it shows no discount. Very disappointing
Faltu purai,,delivery request deyar 3 din por o rider ashee na
এক ঘন্টা যাবত চেষ্টা করে একটা অর্ডার আনতে পারি নি। তিন তিনজন রাইডার, অর্ডার ডেলিভারি রিকুয়েষ্ট এক্সেপ্ট করে। এরপর ফোন দিয়ে বলে যে, এটা তাদের জোনের বাইরে। তাই তারা নাকি ডেলিভারি দিতে পারবে না। আশ্চর্য, তাহলে এক্সেপ্ট করল কেন?
Ami Barbar delivery man ke call ditesi kintu se dhortese na Tai Ami Khub frustrated
Batpar. Kono customer support nai. Live chat oo kao reply day na. Help line a kao phone answer koray na. No one still reply my emal. Today is 1/12/2023. It's already been 8 months..what a service you provide!!!
Jotko
Emergency ma chor apps.
Very bad behaviour
Bokhachoda app
stay off n even online they don't receive it getting worst now
Worst experience. Always
খুবই বাজে কুরিয়ার সার্ভিস।
Very nasty service. I was overcharged approx 200 tk. I was confirmed my ride at 325 tk but i have to pay 515 tk. Even my final destination was less than my confirmed destination
ভাড়া এক একবার এক এক রকম দেখায়। ১০কিলোমিটার রাস্তা ২৯০টাকা ভাড়া নিলো।
একদম বাযে সার্ভিস। এদের মত জগন্য সার্ভিস আর হয় না
Driver behebir is too much bed
Riders are too lazy. They Don't take long ride in terms of food delivery
IAfter downloading and giving the number, I tried for half an hour but did not get the code ￼
No discount as Indrive and very expensive
The amount of fare is automatically increase upto 100 taka, where is no traffic jam and no extra cost. The fee of toll also given by me. Helmet charge also should be given which is not acceptable.
Google Location tracing isn't good enough like u-ber. Bangladesh er vitor simple location show korena. Need to grow up more....
Faltu app
খুব বাজে একটা অ্যাপস, বরিশাল লোকেশন টা নিলোই না, ফালতু
Very bad app very late it is a not useful for us
Very bad ...
Booked a parcel for pickup and drop. Delivery date was 15-16 November Today is 28 November and still not delivered. I complain 3 times But they didn't take any step
এত ফালতু ডেলিভারি সার্ভিস এর আগে কোনো এপ্স থেকে ফেস করিনি,
Useless app
Why do I need to allow notification if don't want notifications?
