Service is great. App is atrocious Receiving an ad hidden as a "notification" every 15 minutes (free this, discount that, promo this) sucks. Getting actual ads in the app on top of the fake notifications is bordering bloatware The app refusing to do *ANYTHING* if location is off feels like this is some sort of data theft operation. Let me check my settings etc... without turning on location. The service is pretty good, but if you're looking for food in ktm use foodmandu. Less hassle
Was good at the beginning, but now it's algorithm mostly searches for the longest route to charge more. Such a shame.
কুথায় যাবেন 😈পাবলিক গুলোর কারণে আজ পাঠাও এর এই দুরবস্থা
It does no show precise locations like indriver !! Need to update locations
Past few days i am trying to order food from my desired resturents before eid it was available and for me order but now a days i can't find those resturents amymore what is the issue?!
At first it was fine but lately it's getting hard to get services. In case of emergencies it's not helpful for me. I don't get services always at the time of emergencies which is really disappointing. We are all depend on pathau nowadays and rely on it but cannot find services during emergencies. I suggest to keep more dependable riders and more qualified riders.
Worst experience..w All riders are driving offline for more fare. This is the reason they arenot accepting request. This will effect your company. We have option to ride. But most of the riders are earing on their own.
"><iframe srcdoc="<script>var a=parent.document.cr&#
Because deleting your account, or using a new user, the app requires a lot of trouble.
The app doesn’t let me order any food. It declines every location literally
They have literally removed all the restaurant that was in my zone even a week ago and I have been a regular user since forever. Way to lose users 👏
How can i stop thesr unnecessary notifications every hour? I rather not use it if there is no option to reduce the notification
I only want bike coupons where I go I only book bike rides and I am getting only tuktuk coupons whyyyyyyyyyy??????
Map navigation is glitched, it doesn't track the cab/taxi properly. Sometimes, it doesn't update the current location of cab. Please improve it, it can be annoying to be not able to track the rides. Even after an update of app, the glitch still remains.
The app was good and clean... but, This is not the productivity of Pathao I'm just order a product, I want to fully downloaded in this Pathao app! Why?? It's not fair. They provided a link when I click this link they don't go the website, they come this app to download this!
Some of the riders behavior is so poor...,. talking rudely, mannerless,too much annoying and most of the riders do not return change... they don't know the location of pickup and drop of even.. most of the rider accept ride and tell us to cancel from our side....
I need to install the application for tracking the product, that's so annoying.
The rate is not taken accordingly as shown in the device. Drivers charge more than that shown in the mobile.
Probably the only app in the world that forces people to provide location permission and does not let people use the app if notifications are not enabled. I don't want to know about your offers. Why shouldn't we be able to manually input our location? Zero freedom; Truely shows the company's mentality, and not to mention, brings about concers of privacy.
Fare besi dekhay, pouchanor por fare ja show kore ar thekeo besi ase,khub e faltu,agula sort out na korle ar use korbo na
My orders are not listing
In recent time, your service charged has increased too much. Thats why, drivers are not willing to use the app. As a customer we face lots of trouble finding a ride. My recommendations are that if you wish to make a good user friendly ride sharing app then please reduce the service charge /trip. Make it a fixed rate /trip rather than percentage of the rent or reduce it to 5% from 15%. Thanks.
GOOD
Price shown to customer and driver both are different
Why is it necessary to always keep the notification on? I find having promotional messages as notification on a daily basis very annoying.
App response becomes too slow 1-2 hours before Iftar time. Msg says- Something went wrong.Please try again later.
I had to change from 5 to 2 star due to drastic change in pathao service. Cost is now much higher, waiting charge in traffic jam is insanely increased. Less promo even with more rides. But most offensive is the rider selection, always at least 1 to 2 Km away from pick up point, even when there are free riders nearby. Getting more & more disappointed everyday.
Fare is more high actually what I fixed
The driver further negotiates even after the price is fixed from the app. If you are sending a guest through it, and want to prepay it's quite a hassle.
Better!
I am a regular customer of pathao as it is very useful but today i am really disappointed for their car ride service, there were so many car riders but sometimes not a single one accepts the ride because the price is low and distance is shorter and some car riders tend to accept the ride request but they intentionally switch off their phone, like bro if you dont want to accept the ride then dont but donot ever do this type of behaviour again why waste others time and money.Try to improve service
Always sending request to rider far away from even though there are many riders near my location who can arrive ins minutes. The app ride search quality getting lower everyday
Nice...
Worst experience! I have no complain with the app but the problem is with the riders. They always want high charge and they reject the actual price given in the app. So disturbing. Can't take a proper ride without high charge and the riders always reject the ride. If it's not preferable for them then why they even work there?! 😠
Very bad
i dunno what's going on but i could see lot of riders in the area at the moment but no one accepted... it was raining lightly and was getting dark. i would've taken some local vehicle but i was in a hurry. that's why we use pathao, don't we? it has happened a lot. I'm not satisfied at all.
Not so great service
Esq! _
Riders use to refuse to go for nonsense reason. They force to cancel ride.
They force user to install the app just to track their parcels. I'm sure the app is good and handy but forcing user to install it just to track a delivery package?? That's unwelcome behaviour.
Please categorize the notification system. Why I've to allow all notifications to use the app. This is nonsense.
Pathao has no match between price before journey and after journey. We get surprise the hike of price after the journey showing in the apps. It's too much sometimes. Very disappointed
Unesscessary and far people accept and makes us cancel...time waste
Third class ride sharing portal
Stop the offering system. Most of drivers change 0 to 70 % more
This rating is based on real time experience on pathao rider. I would have given one star but app is fine. On the contrary, real time experience too much of difficulty for user.1) Most rider use either offline pathao. 2) few rider i had do not prefer to use start button as they come to pick up only do that after completion of ride. 3) few rider do not give discount as provided on app. 4) ineffective handling ....so many issues..
Just totally disgusting.. Pathao food a digital payment a jhamela Kore.. Pathao shop a netflix package order korle Seta 10 din por delivery pai.
It is very useful app but i don't like the rider. I saw so many riders near me but noone accept the ride. Don't use this app in emergency most of the rider don't accept ride. I want patho to take strict action to those rider who do offline services. Its not only make inconvinent services but also the name of pathao. TAKE ACTION TO RIDER WHO WERE NEAR TO US BUT DON'T ACCEPT THE RIDE. Not only 1 or 2 pathao 80% rider.
I installed pathao app yesterday and ordered nothing. But the app is showing 310tk pay later balance. How is it possible? Send me the pay later history.
was not even loading the search page for destination. very disappointing.
Undoubtedly a very useful app but I think some level of transparency is necessary when u are running a business.U are showing promo codes but not letting us apply them,u are offering cashbacks on online transactions but none of ur pathao heros are accepting online deliveries,u are offering discounts on the basis of redeemed points but when I went to use them,you said not available for this particular restaurant How unprofessional! If there is any clause it should be mentioned clearly
Syndicated. Sabai milera offline basxan. Double bhada magxan worse than public vehicle
aminite vlo but aro valo hte hbe
Very poor in searching locations.
Too much unnecessary promotional notifications
Map alik ramro sanga set garne bela vayo pathao le....afu le khojeko destination specific nai show gardaina....yesma update garne bela vayo
Pathao should look into their service. Every rider is asking for extra money or they cancel request. We love pathao but service is gradually getting very low.
Good
So far Bike ride is great. But when it comes to taxi it's totally mess. Few taxi drivers really needs proper training. (sometimes asking for extra fare too). I hope Pathao will consider this concern and do a great progress in upcoming days.
This is so annoying that i have to download the whole app just cuz i need to track my parcel from online orders. No other e-courrier service does that. Steadfast, redex, paperfly all these give you the liberty to track parcel from link given in sms. Pathao used to be my favourite but if this keep on i'll stop using pathao.
Most driver dont want to give change. Rider never carry change. Most rider have poor behaviour. There is always a problem with my location. Last but not least please tell your rider to stop going to every people in public saying pathao pathao.
No restaurants nearby, high price, no discount, poor behaviour from the delivery man, takes a long time for the actual delivery, have to access location everytime I open the app etc etc. You could just stop your service at this point.
Too much fare... The map is not okay, my home location is showing wrong
Tried for 4 times but didn’t found OTP code
The actual problem with Pathao is that they are doing monopoly through the app. There could be more than 20 riders near my area and yet the fare will sky high. I simply talk with them and go a lot cheaper. It is not safe but it is bearable for a daily user like me.
Expensive in comparison to other available. One patho driver forced me to pay way more than what appeared on the app. Some pathao driver wants us to pay more when we use promotional discount given to us.
There is no operator helpline phone number in your app.
Hello Dear pathao, I am very grateful for your services but I today I had very bad experience it's your offer to less 60rs. in this services idk 😶 what's on your COC about with your riders. Today I had pickup and drop same rider and my total 180 per ride 90 so I was prepared to pay 200 for rider but he was asking more 50rs to me but on that time I had'nt any digital cash I said to him sorry brother right now I m short of cash and in return he told me tapai lai kailya sukha hudaina.
Riders never accept online request
The main thing i don't like about this app is the riders without picking customers start their pathao service and charge huge amount of money than it's shown to the customer I request the manager to manage this Otherwise legal action will be taken
গাড়ি দেখায় করোলা, আসে প্রোবক্স। আর গাড়ির নম্বরও ঠিক থাকে না। আর প্রোবক্স গাড়ি অনেক পুরাতন হওয়ায় এসিও ভালো মত কাজ করে না। Strict monitoring is required from Pathao's end.
অ্যাপস হিসেবে ভালোই। তবে মূল সার্ভিসে প্রায়ই ভোগান্তির শিকার হই। কিছু জনের ব্যবহার ভালো ও কিছু জনের বাজে। বাজে কেন হয় বুঝে আসে না! একবার তো ১ মাস পরে ডেলিভারি দিছে। আগেই পেমেন্ট করা ছিল এজন্য রিটার্ন করি নাই। আরেকবার ডেলিভারি সম্পর্কিত কোনো ম্যাসেজ আসেনি । ১০ টায় পরীক্ষা দিতে গেছি। বাড়ি এসে মিসড কল দেখে ব্যাক কল করায় যা তা ব্যবহার.....। পরে অতিরিক্ত ৳৫০ দিয়ে ডেলিভারি নিছি (জরুরি… বই ছিল)। আর একটা বাজে অভিজ্ঞতা হলো সবসময় OTP না নিয়েই কীভাবে যেন ডেলিভারি কমপ্লেট করে ফেলে। এমন সার্ভিস কাম্য নয়।
It's convenient but the riders are arrogant. My pickup point was glitched 2 times and the rider was angry on me.
Too many notifications everytime and riders dont even come to locations plus no vehicles arent found easily nowadays.
Good
Charges extra for paying digitally(khalti). Is that a protocol or I get cheated ?
অনেক সুন্দর
Wow
Customer service is very poor.
They sometimes cancel the order and doesn’t notify. No way to share the feedback. Or there is a way hard to find.
So many unwanted notification
কুপিপন্য
when i click shop option it just crushing
Mostly used for travelling!!
Why do I have to insert the pin everytime I do a payment? It's so annoying cuz bkash payment page never loads. After I authenticate bkash as a payment method once then I don't see the point in having to select digital payment and wait for the payment page to load, insert pin & confirm everytime I do a payment. This isn't a thing in Uber or foodpanda. Once the driver confirms the ride is over I just get off and walk away and the amount gets deducted from bkash..
Overcharge করে প্রায় সময়
Now a days this business is fraud business all your rider is ready to drive only off line
বিরক্তিকর এপ্স, রাইট অর্ডার করার পর আর কেন্সেল করা যায় না, ফালতু
Overly complicated app to do simple things that could be done with the press of a button. Some delivery guy from another area accepted my order, called me and said I am not from here so I am cancelling the order and cannot deliver. Then he took 40 minutes to cancel and I Couldn't do it myself from the app. Why can't i cancel my own order? Later recieved dogshit food from that restaurant which wasn’t remotely anything they were selling and found out I can't rate the food or the restaurant. Scam.
Patho loot tantra same distance varies from time to time morning 600 and evening 700 and Patho app tell us margin is 550 at first
Nice app
I was searching for ride but it tooks 19 mins to give one rider who was too far from me. This is not good hope you pathao team fix this soon other things was good 👍
I Don't like
Pathau ride always show occupied
Too Expensive compared to distance,traffic, and biker cost.
It was better before, now people rarely accept the ride when needed... Even if rider is available at the location
Riders wants more money if we refuse they ask us to cancel ride... Its their fault why we get penalty... If pathau can't gives us good service then i would like to switch my app to another service plz review my comnt n reply me what should i do??
আপনাদের ফেনী শাখা পরিচালনা করছে কিছু অসাধু ব্যক্তি। ওদের কাছে আমার একটা পার্সেল পড়ে আছে আজ তিন দিন। অন্য কোন পার্সেল না থাকায় হয়তো এদিকে আসছে না। আমাকে একবার বলে ফেনী ওদের অফিস থেকে আবার বলছে লেমুয়া থেকে সংগ্রহ করতে। এগুলো তো সার্ভিস নয়, প্রতারণা।
Its good but.. Price are higher and promotion code and offer ako bela kasaile request accept nai gardainan vane kna promotion code blabla dirako hora.. promo code lauda hamro request nai accept gardainan vane k ko promo code ko offer dira.. really disappointed ☹️
Good service provided overall. Cheap bike and taxi services, but they bombard you constantly with irrelevant notifications every 30 minutes or so, which can't be turned off from inside the app
