Nice experience but food not good
Nice
Has some problem with Map accuracy
Overall good. But hey man, it would be great if you guys implement a dark theme since nowadays almost every app has this installed.
A Superb service in public service
Felt vey nice.
It was great untill a month ago...now I think there aren't many drivers as waiting time is really long. And sometimes there isn't anyone accepting the request at all....especially for the four wheeler.
Work well ☺️
Good app but shows way too many notifications
Life has become very easy. Safe riders these days, previously too fast now safe.
Please add option to change phone number.
This day after cancelling ride multiple times, it doesn't get cancelled. Please check. It happened twice in a single day.
Good
Good app
Is the food delivery totally free as it is Mentioned in this app?
Good
Nice
All the services are fine, but there is no option to rent a Haish or Noha car
Good one
Good
Nice 👍🙂
Pretty good app,I like it.
Thanks for the quick delivery and clean product. I'm really Impressed by the way of your service.
Nice
Good
overall good and fast. but there's major problem on map.
It is difficult to understand why the driver who is 2 kilometers away is recommended instead of the driver who is 50 meters away?
Very good 👍 Picture Soho khabar show kora uchit🥺😭 Taka dawar somoy Digital Payment ek bar cancel kore dile Second time ase na 🥺 Please solve it.
১। ম্যাপটা খুবই সমস্যা করে। কোন কিছু সার্চ দিলে সহজে পাওয়া যায় না। আপডেট হওয়া জরুরি। ২। বিগত দিনের ট্রীপগুলো রেকর্ড থাকা উচিত। যেমন উবারে থাকে। এটা খুবই দরকার।
Better than Before..... Keep it up.
Good
Low cast price traveling
I want to ask a question That is do riders kindnap kids
It's very useful but the fare is a little high compared to other transportation apps
valo helmet hole valo holo
Good perfect
This app is so amazing.Thank you for your service .
Not bad
Panning map could be implemented to improve user experience.
GOOD
Good
Only issue i face is most of the rider don't know about fare rule . That far, the pick up point is the total fare adds up. So, with longer the route total fare adds up. One of the rider rudely behaved with me, because i took him longer route to reach my . I said the fare adds up itself. He refused to agree. And took extra money from me. So, please pathao give proper training to the rider.
সুন্দর একটি এপ্যস
It's good app for me
Easy communicate.
Good some time searching destinations couldn't meet on map
Food section is good. 👍
No OTP arrives. Resend OTP doesn't work. Cannot login.
Pathao food and shop provide excellent service. But you should concentrate on improving pathao car. I booked my ride and contacted the rider several times but he did not care to respond. It was very unprofessional. Then I got a huge sum of penalty for cancelling the ride. If your rider doesn't respond, it's not my fault. Also please make sultan's dine and kacchi bhai available on pathao food again.
Please add CNG also
Sometimes good, sometimes not good enough
good service overall.. Thanks pathao🥰
Nice app for riding..
How to delete history?
Gabtoli bus stand
Good
Map should me more exact and drivers have to be more efficient,educated , professional,and know the route
No service during Dashai.
This app is only work on Kathmandu or other cities also like biratnagar.
L...l..
It's very helpful
Sometime take too much time plz fix this problem, otherwise good 😊👍
Good Initiative for public vehicle services but they need to make some changes in mapping😑 The rider annoys a lot by asking the places we wanna visit even its given on google....They always search for a shortcut😶
Too laate to download and install
I am ordering food every now and then. Also sent parcel few times. Time maintenance and service is excellent.
3days Home delivery. Not bad.
Nice
very good apps
Jjb wow hhnwh
Good app
Manojlama lama
It’s better then others.
Excellent
Good service. Fare high
Need more available
জজ। জট,।ি৷ হ৷ হ
love it
र!जेर्क्ष, c4#2🙄😜#42#£🥰व्व्स्वा e wwwws
please make the map more user friendly, provide the feature to pan out and in & move it during a ride session as well.
You are stealing my information...
Good service in BD
Happy journy😏
Great, so far. But it lack some features when we need to visit multiple places. Also, it does show all the places available in the Google map.
very good
Good app..but i wish there was an reserve option for rides like in a fixed date and in the fixed time... Would have been helpful for long trips since ride isn't always available
A,,zzdu. S
\*
So far, so good. But limited to KTM only...
অনেক সুন্দর সার্ভিস
Ww51@e
Places do not show accurately. And should develop the process thus user find app and input location from search engine directly. Not to set location seperately going in app
Pathao service is good but I have faced several times that the rider forgot to pick me up and crossed me. After a while, when I call him, he request to cancel the trip from my end. There is no way to report the rider also. And I need to print the reciept of the rides. I can't do that with Pathao also.
Great service...
Very usefull
Very helpful 👍
Rider location should be seen for booking
Helpful at times of need.
dhamrai, saver ar kono rider nai.
Good app. However since last few days i am unable to pay my dues.Whenever i tap into the dues section,it says Undefined Dues and my dues and the payment options do not show up.
I like it ☺️
